Create v0.15.1-alpha.md Release notes. (#1879)
spiceai/spiceai: docs/release_notes/v0.15.1-alpha.md

**Delta Lake Data Connector:** A new [Delta Lake Data Connector](https://docs.spiceai.org/data-connectors/delta-lake) has been added for using [Delta Lake](https://delta.io/) outside of Databricks.

**ODBC Data Connector Streaming:** The [ODBC Data Connector](https://docs.spiceai.org/data-connectors/odbc) now streams results, reducing memory usage, and improving performance.

**GraphQL Object Unnesting:** The [GraphQL Data Connector](https://docs.spiceai.org/data-connectors/graphql) can automatically unnest objects from GraphQL queries using the `unnest_depth` parameter.

## Breaking Changes

None.

## New Contributors

None.

## Contributors

- [@digadeesh](https://github.com/digadeesh)
- [@y-f-u](https://github.com/y-f-u)
- [@phillipleblanc](https://github.com/phillipleblanc)
- [@Jeadie](https://github.com/Jeadie)
- [@sgrebnov](https://github.com/sgrebnov)
- [@ewgenius](https://github.com/ewgenius)
- [@peasee](https://github.com/peasee)
- [@lukekim](https://github.com/lukekim)

## What's Changed

### Dependencies

> MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite and DuckDB have been contributed back to the [datafusion-contrib](https://github.com/datafusion-contrib/datafusion-table-providers) repository and Spice now depends on datafusion-table-providers crate for those table providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite and DuckDB DataFusion TableProviders developed by Spice AI have been donated to the [datafusion-contrib/datafusion-table-providers](https://github.com/datafusion-contrib/datafusion-table-providers) community repository.
```
